Because I got a phone call suddenly.
Just happened to meet me
Hum, what a coincidence.
Today is Caiwei's birthday
She is the protagonist here.
You are wearing this red dress
She's wearing the same necklace.
A bit ostentatious, right?
Then I'll change it right away.
No, I'm leaving now.
Wait, did I let you go?
Weren't you specially invited by Gao Shao?
How can I refute his face?
Then I'll change it.
Don't be too windy.
This is my business
Don't worry about it
Fei'er, this kid asked you to change your clothes
Obviously no respect for you.
How do you speak to him?
The company is in a recession now
I can never leave the big tree of Raymond Lam
I told you it's none of your business.
It's none of your business
Oh yeah
Take off the necklace too.
That's right.
Today's protagonist can only be Caiwei
There's no wine in the glass.
Just don't let him come.